[docs] CDC: Add documentation for pg_stat_replication view (#26615)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/develop/change-data-capture/using-logical-replication/monitor.md

| pubname | name | Name of publication. |
| schemaname | name | Name of schema containing table. |
| tablename | name | Name of table. |

> | attnames | name[] | Names of table columns included in the publication. This contains all the columns of the table when the user didn't specify the column list for the table. |

Reviewer: Do we populate this correctly? Also we don't support specifying a column list to publication for streaming, so we should always get all the columns here.

| yb_stream_id | text | UUID of the CDC stream |
| yb_restart_commit_ht | int8 | A uint64 representation of the commit Hybrid Time corresponding to the `restart_lsn`. This can be used by the client (like YugabyteDB connector) to perform a consistent snapshot (as of the `consistent_point`) in the case when a replication slot already exists. |

> ### pg_stat_replication

Reviewer 2: @aashir24-yb @vaibhav-yb This is only in preview (2.25)?

Reviewer 3: Yes, this is only in preview so far.

Displays information about active WAL senders, providing insights into the state of replication for each connected standby or logical replication client.

| Column name | Data type | Description |
| :----- | :----- | :----- |
| pid | integer | Process ID of WAL sender process. |
| usesysid | oid | OID of the user logged into this WAL sender process. |
| usename | name | Name of the user logged into this WAL sender process. |
| application_name | text | Name of the application that is connected to this WAL sender. |
| client_addr | inet | IP address of the client connected to this WAL sender. If this field is null, it indicates that the client is connected via a Unix socket on the server machine. |

> | client_hostname | text | Host name of the connected client, as reported by a reverse DNS lookup of client_addr. This field will only be non-null for IP connections, and only when log_hostname is enabled. |

Reviewer 2: what is log_hostname?

Author: This is a postgres GUC. I can refactor the description to say that only when this GUC is enabled the client's host name instead of the IP address can be seen in the logs. Something like:

> This field will only be non-null for IP connections, and only when the GUC  log_hostname is enabled.

> | client_hostname | text | Host name of the connected client, as reported by a reverse DNS lookup of client_addr. This field will only be non-null for IP connections, and only when log_hostname is enabled. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| client_hostname | text | Host name of the connected client, as reported by a reverse DNS lookup of client_addr. This field will only be non-null for IP connections, and only when the [log_hostname](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/15/runtime-config-logging.html#GUC-LOG-HOSTNAME) configuration parameter is enabled. |
```

| client_port | integer | TCP port number that the client is using for communication with this WAL sender, or -1 if a Unix socket is used. |

> | backend_start | timestamp with time zone | Time when this process was started, i.e., when the client connected to this WAL sender. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| backend_start | timestamp with time zone | Time when this process was started (that is, when the client connected to this WAL sender). |
```

| backend_xmin | xid | The oldest transaction the client is interested in. |

> | state | text | Current WAL sender state (Always `streaming`). |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| state | text | Current WAL sender state. Always `streaming`. |
```

| sent_lsn | pg_lsn | Last write-ahead log location sent on this connection. |

> | write_lsn | pg_lsn | The last lsn acknowledged by the logical replication client. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| write_lsn | pg_lsn | The last LSN acknowledged by the logical replication client. |
```

| flush_lsn | pg_lsn | Same as `write_lsn`. |
| replay_lsn | pg_lsn | Same as `write_lsn`. |
| write_lag | interval | The difference between the timestamp of the latest record in WAL and the timestamp of the last acknowledged record. Since YugabyteDB does not differentiate between write, flush, or replay, this value is the same for all three lag metrics. |
| flush_lag | interval | Same as `write_lag`. |
| replay_lag | interval | Same as `write_lag`. |

> | sync_priority | integer | Synchronous state of this standby server. Always 0 in YSQL since we only support asynchronous replication. |

Reviewer 2: What is we here? Pretty sure YBDB supports synchronous replication so what actually is being discussed

Author: We’re talking about logical replication here and we only support asynchronous. I can refactor the description to say that in case of logical replication only asynchronous replication is supported.

> | sync_state | text | Synchronous state of this standby server (Always `async`). |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| sync_state | text | Synchronous state of this standby server. Always `async`. |
```

| client_hostname | text | Host name of the connected client, as reported by a reverse DNS lookup of client_addr. This field will only be non-null for IP connections, and only when log_hostname is enabled. |
| client_port | integer | TCP port number that the client is using for communication with this WAL sender, or -1 if a Unix socket is used. |
| backend_start | timestamp with time zone | Time when this process was started, i.e., when the client connected to this WAL sender. |
| backend_xmin | xid | The oldest transaction the client is interested in. |
| state | text | Current WAL sender state (Always `streaming`). |
| sent_lsn | pg_lsn | Last write-ahead log location sent on this connection. |
| write_lsn | pg_lsn | The last WAL location acknowledged by the logical replication client. |
| flush_lsn | pg_lsn | Same as `write_lsn`. The last WAL location acknowledged by the logical replication client. |
| replay_lsn | pg_lsn | Same as `write_lsn`. The last WAL location acknowledged by the logical replication client. |

> | write_lag | interval | The lag between when a WAL record was sent and when its acknowledgment was received. Since YugabyteDB does not differentiate between write, flush, or replay, this value is the same for all three lag metrics. |

Reviewer: This is not correct. We display the difference between the timestamps of latest record in WAL and the last record for which an acknowledgement was received.

See the description of `cdcsdk_flush_lag` metric from here: https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/develop/change-data-capture/using-logical-replication/monitor/#cdc-service-metrics
